#comment How all began
= Contributors =

Open source is a wonderfull thing to connect creative minds to create new stuff for the community.

They like to share there experience and enable other to take there idea to make even better or different things.

Exactly this happend on this project :-).

==  How it started ==

Since there are more and more 32 channel 5.8GHz modules available a disscussion started in the [http://fpv-community.de/showthread.php?48932-32-Kanal-Videoempf%E4nger fpv-community.de web page].

The most common receiver do support only 8 channels in on band (See reference).

At the bottom line it has been found that a very common rx5808 module can be controlled by an SPI bus to get all 32 channels.

It exists alreay a simple driver for arduino by [https://github.com/simonchambers/fs-5.8g-vrx Simon Chambers].

[http://der-frickler.net/ Johannes Hermen (der-frickler)] took a arduino and came to the great idea to add a [http://code.google.com/p/arduino-tvout/ TVOUT of Myles Metzel].

By this he created great visual spectrum analyzer.

[https://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&v=sQRryOsAFMg]

After a short time [http://fpv-community.de/member.php?13465-pete1990 pete1990 (Peter real name?)] took the code of [http://der-frickler.net/ Johannes Hermen (der-frickler)] and added a two button control and a simple scan search.

[https://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&v=CqwSNj1wZtI]




= Introduction =

Add your content here.


= Details =

Add your content here.  Format your content with:
  * Text in *bold* or _italic_
  * Headings, paragraphs, and lists
  * Automatic links to other wiki pages